she doesn’t study german on monday
does she live in paris
he doesn’t teach math
cats hate water
every child likes an ice cream
my brother takes out the trash
the course starts next sunday
she swims every morning
i don’t wash the dishes
we see them every week
i don’t like tea
when does the train usually leave
she always forgets her purse
you don’t have children
i and my sister don’t see each other anymore
they don’t go to school tomorrow
he loves to play basketball
he goes to school
the earth is spherical
julie talks very fast
my brother’s dog barks a lot
does he play tennis
the train leaves every morning at 18 am
i love my new pets
we drink coffee every morning
my dad never works on the weekends
she doesn’t teach chemistry
i do love my new pets
mary brushes her teeth twice a day
he drives to work
mary enjoys cooking
she likes bananas
my mother never lies
you don’t listen to me
i run four miles every morning
they speak english at work
the train does not leave at 12 am
i have no money at the moment
do they talk a lot
tomorrow early morning first i go to morning walk
does she drink coffee
you run to the party
you have some schoolwork to do
she doesn’t use a computer
it snows a lot in winter in russia
we live in texas
you go to holiday every summer
do you like spaghetti
my daughter does the laundry
He and I are in the same class.
He went up the hill with his friend.
I have lived in Canada for ten years.
My mom will give me a birthday present.
I will try to have a good day.
That dog was following me around all day.
It must have been a very bad storm.
Turn to the next page in the book.
There is a missing word in this sentence.
She is the smartest person in her class.
You can go with him if you want.
She has as much money as I do.
That was my first time to the circus.
There is a lot to look at here.
This is the last part of the exercise.
Salt and pepper are common spices in Canada.
He went to the park with his dog.
They will be here at our house soon.
There are not enough words in this sentence.
Would you come to the mall with me?
I received lots of presents from my family.
He can have as many as he wants.
Can you turn on a light for me?
Can you hand me a piece of paper.
Sometimes they like to go to the park.
I will talk with her on the phone.
Clean the bathroom while I do the dishes.
Are you sure this place is always open?
What happened to the side of your car?
What mark did you get on your test?
I've been waiting my whole life for this!
Do you want to see my rock collection?
Do you see a vowel in this word?
That was the best game I've ever played.
I will figure it out in a minute.
Red is the first colour babies can see.
That item is the top of the line.
I hope we don't go to war again.
We don't want to start a fire.
We have lots of different types of food.
Would you like to take my picture?
A boat sits on the surface of water.
Can you please come in the front door?
We are in the middle of the week.
There's a lot of snow on the ground.
We are going down in the next century.
I would like to fly in a plane.
You need a key to open the door.
Can you please give me a written statement?
He laughed very loud when I tickled him.
She loves kids although she doesn't want any.
Can you bring me a glass of water?
I am going to need a hand with this.
They were told to get off of the bus.
They said they would help us with the work.
There is a lot of water in the ocean.
I was thinking of going to the park later.
When do you want to go to the park?
I would like to live in the country.
There are a lot of fish in the sea.
There are a lot of products at the store.
I am going to read a book this weekend.
You need lots of light to read at night.
Would you like a little sugar in your coffee?
There are a lot of things in this store.
It is not safe to play on the street.
I was caught in the middle of the fight.
You can have either an apple or an orange.
Can I have a glass of water with ice?
There is a 3 dimensional object on my computer.
Put a period at the end of a sentence.
You don't want to get lost in a desert!
He lives on the bottom floor of his building.
I like to drive at 100 km per hour.
I had to measure the length of my couch.
Our school has developed a new program for us.
Why do we need to know what syllables are?
Will you get a headache if you think too hard?
We will go home at the end of the day.
I am too shy to speak to that many people.
If I do the dishes will you clean the bathroom?
There is no way I am going to do it.
I tried to get the pictures, but they're not ready.
Eat all of your dinner if you want some dessert.
I think we are going to have a good day.
A lot of families have both a mother and father.
That is the least amount of work you can do.
A lot of trees died from the Ice Storm 1998.
I would like a small fraction of the pie, please.
I had a bad cold and was in bed for a week
I had to beg Tom to ask Mary out on a date.
I need a ladder so I can get up to my roof.
I'm not as much of a loner as I used to be. 
I wish I could be the man you want me to be. 
I used to watch a lot more TV than I do now. 
I spent a lot of time here when I was a kid. 
We have to find a way to get Tom to help us. 
I was in a lot of pain for a couple of days. 
I do try not to do that more than I have to. 
I'll see if I can get Tom to do that for us. 
I think it's time for me to buy my son a car. 
Can you get that to me by the end of the day? 
Do you want me to ask Tom to do that for you? 
Do you want to call Tom or do you want me to? 
I want to get as far away from here as I can. 
Tom is mad at me and I can't say I blame him. 
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said I was. 
Tom is the one who told me who to give it to. 
We want to get out of here as soon as we can. 
Tom is going to try to find a way to do that. 
I asked Tom why he did that the way I did it. 
I know we can count on Tom to do that for us. 
I do try not to go there more than I have to. 
I told Tom I was way too busy to talk to him. 
I told Tom that it was OK for him to do that. 
I don't know if I can go to the party or not. 
I work out in a gym two or three times a week. 
I was about to go to bed when he called me up. 
I can pick you up from work if you want me to. 
I had to make a list of things I needed to do. 
I asked Tom if he wanted to go and he said no. 
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen? 
I wish I had the will power to stay on a diet. 
A man with a gun told Tom to get into the car. 
I saw Tom pick it up and put it in his pocket. 
It may not be as hard as you think to do that. 
I can stay with you as long as you want me to. 
I can stay with you as long as you need me to. 
Tom was in a bad mood for the rest of the day. 
I'll see if I can get Tom to agree to do that. 
It means a lot to me to know that you love me. 
I plan to stay in bed all day and read a book. 
I can go to the store again if you want me to. 
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with Tom. 
I want you to call me back as soon as you can. 
I want you to know I was the one who did that. 
We have a lot of snow at this time of the year. 
Tom put a piece of dry ice into a cup of water. 
Tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is. 
Are you going to call Tom or do you want me to? 
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do it? 
Do you want to go get a cup of coffee and talk? 
I want to ask Tom to meet us at the bank today. 
Why not just tell us what it is you want to do? 
I hope you two will be as happy as Mary and me. 
I want to talk to Tom before I make up my mind. 
I had a problem with my car on the way to work. 
I just hope I get to stay with Tom for a while. 
The best day of my life was the day I met Mary. 
Tell Tom I have to go to Boston for a few days. 
It would be a waste of time to ask Tom to help. 